Delivery Overview discard table improvements (#6237)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/delivery-overview.md

> Once you enable alerts, if the successful delivery rate of all events is less than the threshold percentage in the last 24 hours, you'll be notified through in-app notification and/or workspace email. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you enable alerts, if the successful delivery rate of all events is less than the threshold percentage in the last 24 hours, you'll be notified through in-app notification and/or workspace email. 
```

> Please note that this is dependent on your [notification settings](/docs/segment-app/#segment-settings). For example, if the threshold is set to 99%, then you'll be notified each time less than 100% of events fail. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this is dependent on your [notification settings](/docs/segment-app/#segment-settings). For example, if the threshold is set to 99%, then you'll be notified each time less than 100% of events fail. 
```

## Why is the Delivery Overview page only available for cloud-mode destinations? 
Similar to Segment's [Event Delivery](/docs/connections/event-delivery/) feature, the Delivery Overview page is only available for server-side integrations (also known as cloud-mode destinations). You won't be able to use the Delivery Overview page for client side integrations (also known as device-mode destinations) because device-mode data is sent directly to the destination tool's API. In order to report on deliverability, data must be sent to destinations using a server-side connection. 

## Troubleshooting

> The Delivery Overview pipeline steps Failed on Ingest, Filtered at Source, Filtered at Destination, and Failed Delivery display a [discard table](#discard-table) with information about why your events might have failed to reach their destination.

Author: ```suggestion
The Delivery Overview pipeline steps Failed on Ingest, Filtered at Source, Filtered at Destination, and Failed Delivery display a [discard table](#discard-table) with information about why your events failed or were discarded.
```
